Main meta decks appear to be Andromeda sucker, Kate recursion, Noise virus;
Corp side: Weyland scorched, Jinteki, HBFA, NBNFA/Midseason (NBN Scorched?)

Weyland: Against Criminal don't rez your archers due to shutdown (unless you can blow them out). Try to rush some agendas, especially an overadvanced Atlas. You can use that to pull and score Hostile Takeovers in one turn, so it can get you a lot of points. Or you can fetch the combo pieces at the start of your turn if they make a mistake. Or, if they're poor for a turn, fetch a 5/3 and play/advance/advance. Advanced Atlas is sweet. One thing is to always check, at the start of your turn, if they're scorchable. Sometimes they will go below 4 and now I can double scorch, and I hadn't been paying attention because they had a plascrete out.
If they aren't playing plascretes, then obviously try harder to flatline. You might be able to pin them if you have enough money.
Against Noise you can probably score some agendas early behind cheap ICE. Perhaps then play Snares and threaten 3/2s, a la Jinteki? Not sure about this matchup.

Jinteki: Since Criminals tend to play Plascretes (and float tags) it's easier to get them with net damage. It is also possible to deck a player but this doesn't happen often. Some tricks are to do chum - data mine. If this fires it does 4 net, and if theyre running a normal rig they will get surprised. If they have Crypsis they can still break it, but it's quite expensive for your 1 rez cost server. Once the data mine does fire, you can either ditch the server or put a second chum in front if this will slow them down.
Against Shaper, flatlining a careful player will be hard due to Deus X. Play aggressively. I like to put agendas out early behind any ICE and switch to more traps later, when they feel they need to run because you're at 5 points. This is where it's nice to play the version with 5/3s. 
Against Noise, I'd rush because they tend to get started slowly. Getting to 4 or 5 would be good.
Against any runner: keep track of your hand damage potential. You can put a Ronin to 2 and leave it as a failed trap to be able to 3 them any future turn. Same with Neural EMPs. The other nice thing is to score a False Lead and then trigger it if they hit a Snare on click 1 or 2. With this (or with a click 3/4 Snare normally) they can only draw 1 or 0 more cards, so you may be able to get them. They might clear the tag fearing Scorched Earth. I don't play the version with Scorched but it's nice to have too.

HBFA and NBN stuff: I haven't tested with or against either of these corps since Creation and Control hit (besides my random brews). 

Andromeda: Against decks that don't flatline you, you should be able to win pretty easily. Still drain their finances and make early runs, but you should build up and just lock them out. Once you and they both get set up, you're better.
Against Weyland, your plascretes are pretty good and allow you to run freely. Don't accidentally lose to an early Scorch, since you should still win the long game. 
Against Jinteki you have less net damage protection, so they may get you. Think of everything that could be in remotes and account for Neurals in hand too. Your shutdowns aren't going to hit anything big, so don't hesitate to shoot them off at katanas or rototurrets (when their Priority Reqs are rezzing chums...). You can generally run a remote as long as it won't be lethal. The brain damage trap is annoying but as they don't tend to run secretaries, the other traps should be just net damage. 

Kate:
Try to get in the money early and start running with a SMC out. Use Imps to get rid of Neural EMPs or Scorched Earths and get a lot more breathing room. With Clone Chip, Test Run, and Scavenge you don't really need to fear secretaries or possibly archers. Ice shouldn't really ever stop you after the first few turns, so try to get to that point and run, making sure to not die. At this point the deck plays like Andromeda datasucker, except on a tactical level some of your cards are different. Since you clear tags, don't run where there could be snares on the last click.

Noise:
Against Jinteki: Getting a wyldside is very nice as it draws you about the right amount of cards to replenish damage and play things. (It draws you too many cards if you're not getting damaged). Try to Imp their Neural EMPs and kill their central server ICE (it should be small and easy to parasite). I've won lots of games just running inefficiently with Crypsis.
Against Weyland: Imp Scorched Earths. (Imp has the side benefit of encouraging me to run the hand - it mostly seems not worth it otherwise, but then I miss agendas when they are there). You can also mill scorched earths, and should check the archives occasionally to see if some are gone, freeing you to run harder.
In general: You want to get the econ engine with Wyldside, Sahasraras, Aesop, possibly kati set up. In phase 1 I am mostly not running, and a typical turn will go 1: Wyldside draw, 2: play virus for free, 3: play money card, or Grimoire or second program, 4: click kati. In this phase I will only run on rare turns, on a remote agenda, or if I can fit the run in and have Imp counters to use. In Phase 2 I have taken the money off kati and can start running (while leaving the Wyldside going). Then, a turn looks like 1) Wyldside draw 2) run 3) run or play virus 4) play virus. This engine is pretty efficient once it gets going, you end up in turn 10 with 30 credits and 10 cards milled and your rig up.
